hey guys so continuing this month's
theme of easy family meals I had to
include something with a slow cooker I
love a slow cooker especially if you
don't have a lot of time to get dinner
on the table they are such an ally in
the kitchen so I'm going to show you one
of my favorite things to make in a slow
cooker crispy beef tacos let me show you
how to make it so for this recipe I'm
using a slow cooker from Cuisinart it's
their three-in-one multicooker I really
love this model because it comes with
some pretty terrific features it
actually does three different things you
can brown and saute meat right in it so
no need to take that insert over to the
stovetop you can do it right in the slow
cooker it will steam things for you so
it comes with a little rack that you can
put in the center and actually steam
fish or vegetables and of course you can
slow cook in it so hey three features
for the price of one can't be beat now
if you don't have a slow cooker you can
actually also make this recipe in a
regular stockpot and I'll leave you some
instructions in the description on how
to do that so the first thing we're
going to do is we're going to set the
slow cooker to the brown and saute
function at 400 degrees then we're going
to put a little drizzle of olive oil in
the pan and then we are going to brown 2
pounds of ground beef now this is really
important because we do want to make
sure that all of that meat is actually
browned and cooked through first because
when we go to slow cook it it actually
is only reaching a 200 degree fahrenheit
temperature so you do want to make sure
that all of your meat is actually cooked
through ahead of time now if you didn't
want to use the beef you could also use
ground chicken or ground turkey or if
you wanted to make it vegetarian you
could use kidney beans now as our meat
is browning we're also going to add two
teaspoons of salt and some freshly
cracked pepper now this may look like a
lot of salt at first but it is important
to really salt your meat well especially
as we're going to be adding lots of
other ingredients into this dish and
it's going to be simmering for several
hours so we want to make sure that we
are building up on that flavor and that
these tacos become really tasty and once
our meat is all browned we're going to
add a cup of diced onion
five garlic cloves 2 cans of diced
tomatoes juice and all just throw it
right in there 3 tablespoons of tomato
paste and a cup of water go ahead and
just kind of give that a stir and making
sure that all of that is incorporated
now we're going to add all the spices
and my favorite spices for beef tacos
are 2 teaspoons of smoked paprika 2
teaspoons of ground cumin 2 teaspoons of
ground coriander and 4 teaspoons of
dried oregano so go ahead and just mix
that all up and you'll start to smell
these delicious flavors start to come
together and then all you are going to
do is put the lid on and then you're
going to press slow cook and the
temperature that you want to keep this
on is low and then you can go ahead and
go about your day head off to work or
school and when you come home you will
be treated to the most delicious dinner
over time what happens when you make
this recipe and a slow cooker all of
those juices and meat and vegetables and
spices they all marry together and
create the most delicious sauce and then
the final step just before serving is to
also add a teaspoon of white vinegar
it'll just keep your tacos a little bit
of a tang you won't really taste it like
vinegar it'll just heighten all the
flavors and then I also like to add
about another teaspoon of dried oregano
give it a stir and then it's ready to be
brought to the table and here's the
other thing why I like the slow cooker
the cooking pot comes right out of the
slow cooker and you can bring it to the
table that way you can keep the lid on
keep your meat warm why everybody serves
themselves and the way that I like to
eat these is take a store-bought taco
shell fill it with some of the taco
mixture top some cheddar cheese on top
and some shredded iceberg lettuce and
then I also like to serve it with a
selection of hot sauces in varying
temperatures depending on what everybody
likes I love this recipe because it is
so delicious you have that very
flavorful beef and the sharpness of the
cheese and the coolness of the lettuce
it's such a great weeknight meal that
actually did all the cooking while you
were at work or school I hope you guys
give this one a try and let me know what
you think and for more great easy
recipes be sure to subscribe and
see you back here next week for a really
fun in-person collab with one of my
favorite youtubers Sara Lin from the
domestic geek we'll see you then bye
nothing new is easy you're amazing
please take a bite of my it's piece of
cake oh yes yes
because it's you